error_strainrate_dilatationrate
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

01_runTape_iterations.py

This script generates N ("it" variable) velocity files and for each runs surfacevel2strain (Tape et al., 2009).

Input:

- Before running this script, parameters adapted to the studied region need to be set in "surfacevel2strain.m" and "get_gps_dataset.m" (see description of the parameters in 03_runmatlab_surfacevel2strain_multiplevelfiles script, "time_dependent_strainrate" repository)
- Path to a folder with files generated by surfacevel2strain Output:
- N folders (it_N/) containing surfacevel2strain output files

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

02_error_montecarlo.py

This script calculates the mean and standard deviation of strain and dilatation rates based on iterations produced in the previous step.

Input: iteration folders produced in the previous step. Modify variables: strainfile and tensorfile based on specific region. The user is prompted to enter the variables it and n (see below).

Output: text file that contains <lon,lat,final_strain_rate,error_strain_rate,final_dilatation_rate,error_dilatation_rate>

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

03_plot_MCerror.sh

-This script produces 4 figures: Mean strain rate magnitude + error and mean dilatation rate + error
-The script is not too optimized. It needs to be modified to be less specific.
-Change coordinates, color directories, dir0, seism, faults, label file names, and many of the variables 
in the item map parameters.
-uncomment seismicity and faults in plot item if needed.

USE: plot_MCerror.sh 4_columns_error_file.dat iter_number

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
